# Examples for ``dman`` library
The contents of this folder is useful to get started with using ``dman``
in your own projects. We give detailed descriptions 
of the scripts in each folder below. Before doing so we highlight 
the most important folders first. Only the scripts listed in ``Getting Started``
contain detailed documentation. The others simply show several syntax examples for now. 

## Getting Started
- ``common.py`` is the script described in the [Getting Started](https://petercoppens.github.io/dman/docs/usage/common.html) documentation page.
- ``verbose.py`` illustrates how to activate verbose serialization/deserialization for debugging.
- ``patterns/`` contains several patterns for data storage that can be useful in many use cases.
- ``plugins/`` some modules of ``dman`` are considered ``plugins`` since they require additional dependencies to be installed.
        They are however useful in many cases.

## Contents
### ``advanced``
Contains some more advanced functionality of ``dman``. You will likely not need this.

### ``documentation``
Contains the source code of examples in
documentation of [The Fundamentals](https://petercoppens.github.io/dman/docs/usage/serialization.html)

### ``fundamentals``
Contains examples of the inner workings of ``dman``. These concepts
are described also in [The Fundamentals](https://petercoppens.github.io/dman/docs/usage/serialization.html)

### ``patterns``
Contains several patterns for data storage that can be useful in many use cases.
- ``backup.py`` pattern for backing up old simulations whenever you generate a new one.
- ``registry.py`` patterns to generate new simulations only if the config was not simulated before.
- ``resumable.py`` pattern make a simulation resumable after a script is terminated. 
- ``template.py`` illustrates how objects from libraries can be made serializable. 

### ```plugins```
Some modules of ``dman`` are considered ``plugins`` since they require additional dependencies to be installed.
They are however useful in many cases.
- ``numeric.py`` contains serializable and storable versions of ``numpy`` arrays. It also servers as an example for when you are creating 
    your own ``dman`` wrapper around an existing library.
- ``plotting.py`` contains functionality for exporting plots generated by ``matplotlib``.
- ``tui.py`` contains advanced printing functionality supported by ``rich``.

## ``record``
Similar to ``fundamentals``. Contains detailed use-cases for the more 
advanced types provided by ``dman``.
